bpo-41790: update error in documentation (#22242)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/intro.rst

should be represented by a single C type.  Almost all Python objects live on the
heap: you never declare an automatic or static variable of type
:c:type:`PyObject`, only pointer variables of type :c:type:`PyObject*` can  be
declared.  The sole exception are the type objects; they may be static

> :c:type:`PyTypeObject` objects.

Reviewer: "The sole exception are the type objects" looks wrong to me. Almost all types in Python are allocated on the heap.

Only **static** types are never deallocated.

I'm not sure why these kinds of technical details are giving in an introduction. It would be better to move them to https://docs.python.org/dev/c-api/refcounting.html no?

Reviewer: Or at least, copied there.

Reviewer 2: Hm, I am not find the docs of `PyHeapTypeObject`. Maybe add those description info in  it.

Reviewer 3: I'm not certain what to do with this change. The whole paragraph could be revisited, as Victor hints to. I'm not sure if this change makes things clearer for the reader.

@encukou: thoughts?

Reviewer 4: To be technically correct, it's not just types – `PyModuleDef` is also a `PyObject*` (though I assume that's for historical reasons only). But that's too much detail here.

> declared.  The sole exception are the type objects; they may be static
> :c:type:`PyTypeObject` objects.

Reviewer 4: Would this work?
```suggestion
declared.  (There are a few exceptions, like static type objects, but even those
are usually manipulated via pointers.)
```
